[feat] custom load dependencies (#4536)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/04-loading.md

This will be merged with any existing `stuff` and passed to the `load` functions of subsequent layout and page components.

The combined `stuff` is available to components using the [page store](/docs/modules#$app-stores) as `$page.stuff`, providing a mechanism for pages to pass data 'upward' to layouts.

#### dependencies

> If the `load` function depends on custom resources a `dependencies` array can returned. A registered dependency can later be used as argument of `invalidate` to rerun the `load` function.
> 
> > Note that the `fetch` function alreay registers the requested resources as dependencies. Manual registration is only necessary if it's not possible to use SvelteKits `fetch` function. 
> 
> The items should be [properly encoded](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/percent-encoding) URIs. Both absolute and relative URIs are acceptable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of strings representing URLs the page depends on, which can subsequently be used with [`invalidate`](/docs/modules#$app-navigation-invalidate) to cause `load` to rerun. You only need to add them to `dependencies` if you're using a custom API client; URLs loaded with the provided `fetch` function are added automatically.

URLs can be absolute or relative to the page being loaded, and must be [encoded](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/percent-encoding).
```
